#+title: Differential buildup
#+tags[]: cobra brakes rear-suspension

I've given the diff another spray, which makes it finished as a part,
so today I positioned the differential on the auto-hoist for build up
and (eventually) assembly to the chassis. I already determined the
amount of shims needed between the inner bracket and the diff, so
bolting them on was a 2 second job. The next hour I more or less
practised lock-wiring, trying to get a feel for what works and what
does not. The position of the lock-wire holes is kind of critical, so
I found it easiest to torque the bolts up to their specified
values,see how the bolts end up and then determine where the holes
should go.



[[/assets/img/gmg-354.jpg]]

Using the bench drill and a 1.5 mm cobalt drill, creating the holes is
quite easy. Next was turning the differential on its feet and
re-determining how many shims were needed to get the brake discs in
the centre of the calliper. An easy job, though in the end I came up
short one shim, which meant I could only finish one side of the
differential build up.

[[/assets/img/gmg-355.jpg]]

The hardest part of assembling the calliper to the diff is fastening
the calliper bolts. They are hard to reach as is, but my torque wrench
does not fit either, meaning that fastening them up to their specified
value is sort of a guess. I could buy a special piece, but that sounds
a bit over the top for just these four bolts. After fastening the two
you alse get to lock wire them, which went suprisingly well,
considering the location.

[[/assets/img/gmg-356.jpg]]

So, one side done, once the missing shim arrives, the other side
should be pretty quick.
